after starring in The Lord of the Rings
trilogy Pirates of the Caribbean and
kingdom of heaven Orlando Bloom finally
gets to leave swords and costumes behind
in his new comedy Elizabethtown bloom
plays a man travelling to his father's
memorial in Kentucky on the way he meets
a quirky flight attendant played by
Kirsten Dunst Louisville Kentucky huh
home misses her family my dad where does
he live in Louisville actually he's near
Louisville
you know this above town okay
hope someone's revenue because the roads
around there are hopelessly and
gloriously confusing Louisville I'll
keep that in mind I'll try a quick nap
love that while I know bloom good
morning good to see you again thank you
very much madam Yoon ha she's amazing
isn't she forever yes yeah you
repressible kind of be overwhelmed by
her yeah absolutely kevin has a knack of
writing particularly beautiful
characters for women I mean I'm very
happy with my characters camera crow
there's one Academy Awards and yeah
Jerry Maguire and etcetera etcetera and
this is a kinda story of Hugh's life
it is yeah yeah he um he went home to
Kentucky to to deal with the loss of his
father and the funeral arrangements and
so on and and really I mean it's a for
Drew I mean Drew's a guy who starts off
as losing a billion dollars for a
company like we've double tragedies you
know some of the worst possible
professional failure imaginable couldn't
be couldn't be worse and then he and
he's kind of that guy he's kind of
caught up in success you know material
success you know he's think he's the
hotshot at work and obsessed with a new
car or the new whatever it may be and
what he eventually learns and he goes on
this journey to realize it's kind of
like he sort of has this self
realization when he meets this girl and
he goes on a road trip through America
and he ultimately
it comes to terms with the loss of his
father appreciates his family and then
really falls in love with the girl and
it's and it all takes place with the
amazing backdrop of the American
landscape and I you know as a Brit I got
to see parts of America that well a
couple of questions raised because first
things first you know no I see no swords
I know there's no swashbuckling attached
to the title of this movie to place
someone unadorned anyway what was that
like for you as an acting experience I
loved it I have to say I really loved it
thankfully I was in great hands with
Cameron it was my first time with an
American accent as well and that was
very important as you know an important
part of the character it was important
for me to get it right but it was just I
felt a little more vulnerable you know
it was a lot you know when you have a
huge set piece in the middle of a movie
whether it's a siege tower coming down
or hundred horses charging across a
plane it sort of does a lot of the work
for you but when you're just it's just
you holding that thing it's sort of it
was it was new and I feel like I've got
a lot to learn you know I was very
inserted watch you though in this film
there's because there's a quietness
about you on the screen I mean did that
that holds the screen I mean you don't
have to be swayed or soften thank you
very much I'm glad just like I'm
managing to hold the script because I
was like I mean there are parts that
where I'm sitting that watching it going
just get off the screen you know what I
mean yeah I think you're feeling a bit
like that you do you know and help it's
pretty naked it's pretty nice it is very
well what did you think of to go to
America his you end up in this road trip
at the end of the film where you go off
to Memphis these other places yeah would
you would you find nothing I have to say
I was like you know it's called the
heartland of America and I was like all
right let me see this heart and I mean
I've experienced New York which has got
a great heart
you know LA the big as a Brit I've
experienced the big cities culturally
you know exciting everything else but
this was just family community
friendship an amazing weather it was a
beautiful you know suspension bridge
across a river in Arkansas or standing
outside the Lorraine Motel or standing
in front of the survivor tree in
Oklahoma City I was going to these
locations in America that are just so
powerful
historically and just as a place to move
through I'm I love the out the gray
there was a nature and everything
something like I'm loved to be out there
but it was just people will bring ice
cream to the set will bring like they
were baked cakes and cookies and that's
a lot of love you don't mean it's not
like something that you can just go down
the shop and buy dragon cookies you know
that's like people really kind of they
welcomed us into their community and
film crews can generally kind of be sort
of met with a slight apprehensions
because you know it's very such a pain
in the neck but we really left with a
wink of well smile and a wave so it was
cool they they can't weaken me but it
was it was great people seem to really
enjoy spinning around you starve your
dog I do yeah the dog you picked up in
the desert in Milwaukee that's right I
remember this he's now been to Kentucky
he's not gonna over the place alright
good to see you congratulations thank
you vazh
thanks so very much